Prizes/Awards already incorporated:
Nobel Prize in Economics 
John Bates Clark Medal
National Medal of Science: Behavioral and Social Science
Erwin Plein Nemmers Prize in Economics
Leontief Prize 
H. C. Recktenwald Prize in Economics
IZA Prize in Labor Economics
John von Neuman Award


Potential additions:
MacArthur "Genius Grant" (At least one Earhart Affiliated Winner; Kevin M. Murphy)
Bradley Prize: Walter Williams
Gravemeyer Awards: Improving World Order (At least one Earhart Affiliated Winner; Herman E. Daly)

Right Livelihood Award to "honour and support those offering practical and exemplary answers to the most urgent challenges facing us today" (At least one Earhart Affiliated Winner; Herman E. Daly)

Sophie Prize "to recognize individuals or organizations working with the environment and sustainable development." (At least one Earhart Affiliated Winner; Herman E. Daly)

Heineken Prizes: Environmental Sciences. (At least one Earhart Affiliated Winner; Herman E. Daly)

Blue Planet Price to "recognize outstanding efforts in scientific research or applications of science that contribute to solving global environmental problems" (At least one Earhart Affiliated Winner; Herman E. Daly)

Fama-DFA Prize "best paper(s) in Journal of Financial Economics"

Deutsche Bank Prize in Financial Economics "influential contributions to the fields of finance and money and macroeconomics, and whose work has led to practical and policy-relevant results"

Brattle Prize "best corporate finance research papers in Journal of Finance"

T. S. Ashton Prize "author of the best article accepted for publication in the Economic History Review in the previous two calendar years, who is either within five years of receipt of her/his PhD, OR, has no previous publication in the field of economic and/or social history, or a closely related field"

Thirsk-Feinstein PhD Dissertation Prize "best doctoral dissertation in Economic and/or Social History"

Carolyn Shaw Bell Award (AEA) to "an individual who has furthered the status of women in the economics profession, through example, achievements, increasing our understanding of how women can advance in the economics profession, or mentoring others." (At least one Earhart Affiliate; Claudia Goldin)

Elaine Bennett Research Price (AEA) to "recognize, support and encourage outstanding contributions by young women in the economics profession"

Smith Breeden Prize "best finance papers in corporate finance" (At least one Earhart Affiliated Winner; Eugene Fama)
